1、Research on the factors influencing the phenomenon of group polarization

2. Social media empowers each user to create and disseminate information, and interactive communication centered on user relationships is its important feature. On social media, people are more inclined to selectively receive information that supports their own decisions, and such selective exposure mechanism is more likely to promote the drift of attitudes and polarization of opinions. After a message is sent on social media, the communication network constructed based on user relationships may cause the information to spread geometrically and rapidly, especially the closely connected and closely associated groups will further amplify the effectiveness of communication based on user relationships. In the process of spreading, it may further strengthen the information, or realize the reorganization of information, or even trigger a flood of rumors. It should be emphasized that for some public events that erupt on social media, the views and opinions expressed by opinion leaders have a non-negligible effect on the deflection of group attitudes and the formation of group polarization phenomenon. 
Currently, the study of group polarization has also transitioned to the field of online communication in the context of the booming Internet. Keith Sunstein, as one of the most well-known scholars in group polarization research, has studied group polarization in the network early in his books such as "Extreme Crowds" and "Network Republic", and he believes that network anonymity and sense of belonging are important influencing factors for the formation of group polarization in the network. After the gradual rise of social media, Western scholars such as Salita (2010) also keenly captured that the phenomenon of group polarization also exists in social media, and Keith Sunstein (2010) also mentioned in his monograph Rumors that the occurrence of group polarization in social media is likely to be accompanied by the accelerated spread of rumor information, and the group polarization in social media The phenomenon of group polarization on social media is likely to bring extreme behaviors and even cause social unrest. 

3. To study the factors influencing the phenomenon of group polarization

4. Under the perspective of communication science, it is of theoretical significance to study the formation mechanism of group polarization phenomenon in social media under the mobile Internet environment by combining several cases with the advantage of qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) in analyzing multi-cause induced phenomena. In addition, the social network with user relationship as the core makes the negative effect of network group polarization more obvious. Analyzing how multiple influencing factors work together to trigger the formation of group polarization phenomenon can provide ideas for avoiding the negative effect of network group polarization by targeting the key factors for human intervention.

5. 20 research cases with public opinion analysis value are identified. These 20 cases are all hot events with wide spread on social media, large number of people discussing them, high topic heatedness, and large influence on public opinion, and the fermentation of these representative events has triggered a wide range of hot discussions among netizens, extending to many levels of discussions such as political, legal, ethical, and moral discussions, and the shift of emotional attitudes has occurred after the large-scale group discussions. A clear phenomenon of group polarization was formed. After that, I would like to categorize these cases into "incident type", "incident contradictor", "netizen's demand", "incident attitude of the contradictory parties" and "sources of information", "ambiguity of factual information", "involvement of a large number of opinion leaders", and The eight influencing factors were "whether the mainstream media followed up the story in time". Then SPSS was used for correlation analysis.

6.Qualitative Comparative Analysis, this research method is based on the idea of set theory and Boolean algebraic algorithm, and is oriented to small and medium-sized case studies, with the best sample size of 10 to 60, both qualitative and quantitative research.
SPSS

Reference
1.Wallach M. A. ＆ Kogan N. ,  “The Roles of Information, Discussion, and Consensus in Group Risk Taking”，Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, vol. 1, no. 1, 1965, pp. 1 - 19. 
2. Sarita Yardi. Dynamic Debates: An Analysis of Group Polarization Over Time on Twitter[J]. Bulletin of Science, Technology & Society, 2010, 30(5). 
